Since 1977, the National Survey has been a critical source of information about STEM education in the U.S. Horizon Research, Inc. (HRI) is conducting the 2027 National Survey of Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, and Engineering Education, which CSTA is proud to have endorsed. They are currently developing the questionnaires for the study and are recruiting high school computer science teachers to provide feedback on new items. Teachers who participate in this feedback study will receive a $40 honorarium. Learn more about and/or register for the study.



This is a great opportunity to provide input on an important study. If you have questions about the study, please do not hesitate to contact HRI at nssme27@horizon-research.com.

--

UAF

STEM Education Fellowships


Due: September 15
Open to future K–12 educators. Applicants develop either a STEM unit plan or five integrated lesson plans inspired by NASA missions and connected to Alaska-based examples. Selected fellows receive a $2,500 stipend, and completed materials are published on the Alaska Space Grant Program website.
Application: 3-page proposal



--


Presidential AI Challenge
https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Presidential-AI-Challenge-Guidebook-for-Partic

--

AI Learning Priorities for All K-12 Students
AI Learning Priorities for All K-12 Students - Computer Science Teachers Association
Summarize and distribute

--


The Ciena Solutions Challenge is a global design challenge for middle and high school students that can be facilitated on any timeline, with low-tech or high-tech tools, across any subject area, and in both schools and community spaces.
Through March 5, 2026, educators can submit student projects and apply for $3,000 U.S. dollars to sustain and scale student work.

--

Digital Promise’s Building Global Apps is a virtual exchange program designed in partnership with MAD-learn and the International Education Association. The program aims to foster interpersonal and design thinking skills by connecting high school students in the United States and Lebanon through mobile app-building. We believe that by giving students opportunities to investigate the world, consider different perspectives, and take meaningful action through virtual exchange, we’re empowering the next generation of young people to succeed in the interconnected workforce of tomorrow.

For the Fall 2025 cohort, we are looking for 12-15 high school teachers who are interested connecting their classrooms to the world!

Program Activities
Building Global Apps is an eight-to-ten week program, during which time students will:
Collaborate with peers in Lebanon.
Utilize the design thinking process to build apps together, addressing local and global challenges on MAD-learn’s interactive platform.
Participate in at least three live video exchanges to meet each other and celebrate their work.
Celebrate their work as part of the Digital Promise YouthMADE Festival.
Building Global Apps - Virtual Exchange Program – Digital Promise
--

We love seeing how educators and students around the world are bringing Day of AI to life! Educators can submit a photo of their students engaging in a Day of AI activity for a chance to win a raffle prize (a $50 Amazon gift card). Your story might also be featured on our social media channels or in upcoming newsletters to inspire other educators.



You can learn more and complete the entry form here.


