Common Sense Media
What's Happening in Boys' Digital Worlds
https://www.commonsensemedia.org/research/boys-in-the-digital-wild-online-culture-identity-and-well-being
They're not searching for it—it's finding them

Most boys aren't actively seeking out masculinity content online. Instead, 68% say this stuff just starts showing up in their feeds without them even looking for it. And what are they seeing? The top three types of content that boys see are messages about making money (44% of boys), building muscle (39%), and fighting or weapons (35%). These messages may put forth a narrow idea about boyhood and manhood and what their priorities should be.

Hour of AI
It’s here! The Hour of AI activity catalog is now live with 60+ creative ways to bring AI to life in classrooms. Start exploring at HourofAI.org and join the movement. #HourOfAI

https://edtechmagazine.com/k12/article/2025/10/why-computer-science-foundation-ai-literacy

American Computer Science League
American Computer Science League
American Computer Science League (ACSL) organizes computer programming and computer science contests for K-12 schools, organizations and local groups. This year will be our 48th year of continuous operation! Last year, over 7,000 students from 21 countries on 6 continents participated in the regular season competitions.
Currently accepting registration, due by December 31st

Swift Student Challenge submissions open February 6, 2026.
Get ready! Submissions will be open February 6–28. Swift Student Challenge offers students an opportunity to showcase their creativity and app development skills that they can take into their careers and beyond.

Explore more




To include in the Content Corner
Digital Literacy & Well-Being Curriculum | Common Sense Education

AI Pitch Contest
Arcnito Wins Alaska’s First AI Pitch Contest - Alaska Business Magazine

Hawley GUARD Act
Hawley Introduces Bipartisan Bill Protecting Children from AI Chatbots with Parents, Colleagues - Josh Hawley

Join aiEDU + Playlab to Participate in the Presidential AI Challenge
On November 6 and 13, aiEDU and Playlab are hosting two live virtual training sessions that will show you everything you need to participate. Build and submit your own classroom AI innovation using Playlab. Guide students to design and submit their own AI projects using Playlab's curriculum and classroom tools.
aiEDU + Playlab Challenge Series.pdf - Google Drive

Day of AI USA
America's Youth AI Festival
Empowering America's youth to aspire and inspire through AI innovation, shaping the next 250 years of technological leadership and creativity.

PD Opportunity & Curriculum
Professional Development Overview | VILS
Develop critical new skills with a wide variety of flexible, credentialed, professional development courses.
Lesson plan gallery | VILS
Discover ready-made lessons that easily fit your curriculum.



Data Science

DS4E is excited to launch the K12 Data Partners Program, a new grant-funded pilot program designed to support K-12 districts in building and expanding high-quality data science education!


Through this initiative, selected districts will be matched with experienced project managers (PMs) who provide tailored, hands-on support throughout the 2025–2026 school year. At no cost to the district, a PM will work closely with the district team to plan, launch, and strengthen data science initiatives that meet their individual needs and goals through activities like strategic planning, building stakeholder engagement, PLC formation, leadership coaching, resource navigation, and more.


This is a unique opportunity to receive personalized guidance and expert support in brining data literacy and data science education to more students.


Ready to get started? Apply by November 17, 2025 using the button below — or email info@datascience4everyone.org if you’d like to discuss whether this program is the right fit for your district.



K-12 Data Partners Program Application [NOW OPEN!!] - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdlgFycrHMxYBaOzFy-SrjIQUfl_SrPDHNgc6Fn8W47dhPBew/viewform?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-9vfoUAh_e7wQAF7WWbfM1N33fwH2gDBNCoIjMf9CV-PGFxWsaz4Olw-gHrlVKs090Dwrv9r7kWhB_swoZZElciA6cv-A&_hsmi=385701891




Announcing: America’s AI Youth Festival!


In partnership with MIT RAISE, the America's Youth AI Festival celebrates the creativity, leadership, and innovation of students across the United States who are shaping the future of AI. The Festival is hosted across Boston and MIT's Cambridge campus, with events at the Edward M. Kennedy Institute, the MIT Media Lab, and the Edward and Joyce Linde Music Building.



Theme: Empowering America's youth to aspire and inspire through AI innovation, shaping the next 250 years of technological leadership and creativity.



Grand Prize: Win an all-expenses-paid trip to MIT from July 17-19, 2026 (Eligible for students ages 14 and up)



Festival materials, including Me, Myself & AI and AI LIVE, are now available, with lessons, student guides, and educator resources for additional events coming in the weeks ahead.

Visit https://www.dayofaiusa.org/festival for more.


